{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red243\green235\blue10;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c96264\c92423\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 CNA analyses: 
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\
1_Bin_sequenza_segments_into_100kB_bins.R\
This script bins Sequenza files with \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
allele-specific copy number profiles\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  into 100kb long bins.\
\
2_Plottingsegments_CNS.R\
This script plots copy number state for the entire genome per sample and annotates clinical information (patient ID, Responsiveness and Timepoint).\
\
3_CNA_percentage.R\
This script plots the percentage of exome with CNS>3, CNS=3, >2:0, 2:0, 1:0, 1:1 in REP and NRP at each timepoint.\
\
4_CNA_clonality.R\
This script plots the fragment size of clonal, subclonal and private CNAs in REP and NRP. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \
\
\cb4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \ul SNV analyses:\ulnone  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 5_Filtering_SNVs.R\cb4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This script filters somatic SNVs, which passed Annova filtering criteria, show > 5 total reads in tumour and normal control and > 3 variant reads in tumour sample. 
\f0\b \
\
6_Mobster.R\

\f1\b0 This script computes the CCF using Mobster package. Based on their CCF SNVs are classified as clonal or subclonal.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 7_Clonality_SNVs.R
\f1\b0 \
This script plots total, clonal and subclonal mutational burden in different clinical subgroups.\
\

\f0\b 8_Phylogenetic_tree.R
\f1\b0 \
These scripts run phylogenetic analyses and plot phylogenetic trees for patients with 3 or more samples.
\f0\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 9_Calling_COSMIC_signatures.R
\f1\b0 \
This script runs SigDeconstruct to call COSMIC signatures.\
\

\f0\b 10_Plotting_Cosmic_signatures.R\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This script plots COSMIC signatures proportions in clinical subgroups and proportions of base changes in treatment-naive, chemo-induced and radiochemo induced SNVs. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 11_dNdS_analysis.R
\f1\b0 \
This script runs dNdS analysis on naive, chemo-induced and radiochemo induced SNVs. \
\

\f0\b \
\
\ul Intogen driver genes:\
 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 12_Plot_genetic_alterations_driver.R
\f1\b0 \
This script plots CNA, SNVs and indels in 108 Intogen driver genes for oesophageal and gastric cancer \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \cb4 12_Plot_genetic_alterations_driver.R\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This script quantifies  Intogen driver genes with genetic alterations (CNAs, SNVs or indels).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\
\ul Neoantigens:\ulnone \
\
14_Filtering_neoantigenic_SNVs.R\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This script filters neoantigenic SNVs, which passed Annova filtering criteria, show > 5 total reads in tumour and normal control and > 3 variant reads in tumour sample. 
\f0\b \
\
15_Clonality_neoantigenic_SNVs.R\

\f1\b0 This script plots total, clonal and subclonal neoantigenic SNV burden in different clinical subgroups.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
16_Neoantigenic_SNV_expression.R\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This script plots the mean expression of genes coding for neoantigens during treatment.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
17_Correlation_expression_neoSNV_immune_cells.R\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This script correlates T-cell infiltrates with neoantigen expression. 
\f0\b \
}